Good evening Welcome to the reservations money will crack coming
out here hello. Yes, I just picked over with you
throughbooking.com.
Do I need to speak to you, or do I
need to speak to the reservation front desk. I tell
you my problem is?
I'm arriving at the airport at midnight.
Hello.
Can you hear me? Yes, I am OK? I know
it's so it's on the 3rd of July. All I
need to know I spoke to do.
Or Tuesday, the third if you lied because it's midnight
and it still night is that considered the 3rd of
July on the 4th of July because.
All your website it says booking that from 2 o'clock
in the afternoon.
Go check in effecting 2 PM that is like so
I wouldn't be coming in on the compass, said then.
Both feel up for example, if you are arriving all
you said it is from midnight late night yes.
Midnight on the third or is it on the phone
with your lies and said, OK, so you have to
look after itself not.
That's fine other to tighten yeah. Thank you very much.
That's all I need help with my checking and timer
for 2 PM.
And it's not a problem.
So if I'm kind of get out of probably won't
be with you until you know half past midnight or
1 o'clock in the morning but still considered the 3rd
of July isn't it?
Yes, there's an accident on the Ford.
Sorry, the check out to be next day morning but
if yes. Yes, yes. Thank you very much you have
to understand correct thank you.
Bye bye welcome everything else on with you know that's
that's OK. Thank you so much for coming from high
school and others will be in the airport you have
a nice day, bye bye.